todo:
on our own:
	 railscasts: better errors 
	 finish layouts, submit, working site with placeholder
together:
	quiz ourselves with hartle tutorial without looking
	


=======
(urgent: push github repo, notes from video)
(note to self: capistrano? git ignore? rename doc to .rm? pushing notes gem? start blog and also go over Subl plugins, key bindings shortcuts. Make a minimal cheatsheet. write notes and blog simultaneously!)


Hey, I'm Matt! This here app is a way I will be taking notes on my path to become a Rails Rubyist. It's late August 2013 and I expect this will be useful but might become outdated if a few months. (using rails 4, ruby 2)

	rails new APPNAME

	git init dat shit

I'm currently working off my Mac Air but prefer using my Desktop at home, so...
	
	git add . 
	git -m "yet another project :("

	curl -u 'USER' https://api.github.com/user/repos -d '{"name":"REPO"}'
	git remote add origin git@github.com:USER/REPO.git
	git push -u origin master


First gems that come to mind will help me describe the application (rspec) and check the browser if stuff I write is actually working... automatically. Yes, that means NO MORE refreshing the browser every 2 minutes. o_O

Gemfile
	rspec
	liveReload
	guard
	spork
http://blog.55minutes.com/2013/01/lightning-fast-sass-reloading-in-rails-32/
guard -P livereload

Next, I know I don't want to be writing custom HTML, CSS or messing around too much with jQuery / JS, so I'll add some help from Google and Twitter

	...
	angular
	twitter bootstrap

In case you can't tell, I'm still a noobie so I'll keep my DB simple

	...
	
Rails g differences
	controller
	rails generate controller StaticPages home help --no-test-frameworkx
	rails generate rspec:install

Cool. Now let's show off. 
	heroku stuff




tips on what to write aboot:
>>>>>>> 7770ea86b65f5afafd103b25a8acafddb8905841

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

<<<<<<< HEAD

Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
=======
>>>>>>> 7770ea86b65f5afafd103b25a8acafddb8905841
